1.1 Scope
This software system is a Web application which helps Group Home staff and supervisors to report incidents of abuse to the Disabled Persons Protection Commission (DPPC) and in turn report to Department of Developmental Services (DDS). This system will help the Health Care Organization efficiently manage and track all the abuse reports, smoothen the investigation process and also help the Human Rights Committee (HRC) in their decision to make appeals by providing them the details of initial report.
The administrator of this system will also have the ability to print, email or FAX the reports through the web application to different Agencies. This system also contains a database to store abuse report information of reporter, victim and abuser for efficient retrieval and tracking.

1.2 Purpose
The purpose of this document is to outline a detailed description pertaining to the development of abuse report Web Application. It will explain the Design subject in details and the elements and constraints under which the system operates. Besides, it will also explain the functionality of the system, and the platform under which the system responses to external stimuli. This document will serve as a reference to both the users and the developers of the system and will be proposed to the Third Party Health Care Organization for its approval. Specific viewpoints have been used to address the appropriate concerns.

1.3 Intended audience
This standard is intended for technical developers who will develop the abuse report Web application. Besides, this standard is also for related personnel in Health Care Organization, DPPC, DDS and HRC to have a clear mind of the construction and work flow of this abuse report Web application. It guides the development designers in the process of analysis design and system design section of this Web application. For Health Care Organization developing its abuse report Web application, the use of this standard can help to ensure that design descriptions are complete, concise, consistent, interchangeable, and appropriate for recording design experience and completing individual modules of this abuse report Web application.
